Replace MSDN DevLabs with Visual Studio Marketplace (#15682)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/debug-trace-profile/code-contracts.md

Most methods in the contract class are conditionally compiled; that is, the compiler emits calls to these methods only when  you define a special symbol, CONTRACTS_FULL, by using the `#define` directive. CONTRACTS_FULL lets you write contracts in your code without using `#ifdef` directives; you can produce different builds, some with contracts, and some without.

> For tools and detailed instructions for using code contracts, see [Code Contracts](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=152461) on the Visual Studio Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For tools and detailed instructions for using code contracts, see [Code Contracts for .NET](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=RiSEResearchinSoftwareEngineering.CodeContractsforNET) on Visual Studio Marketplace.
```
